chore: Use in the k8s manifest the ReadWriteOnce (#381)
aquasecurity/postee: docs/install.md

kubectl create -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/aquasecurity/postee/main/deploy/kubernetes/hostPath/postee-pv.yaml
```

> >> Persistent volume
> >> - postee-db: persistent storage directory `/server/database`
> >> - postee-config: mount the cfg.yaml to a writable directory `/config/cfg.yaml`
> >> - postee-rego-templates: mount custom rego templates
> >> - postee-rego-filters: mount custom rego filters
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! Note "Persistent Volumes Explained"
    - `postee-db`: persistent storage directory `/server/database`
    - `postee-config`: mount the cfg.yaml to a writable directory `/config/cfg.yaml`
    - `postee-rego-templates`: mount custom rego templates
    - `postee-rego-filters`: mount custom rego filters
```
